BGP CP: Adds Intro to Docs (#26195)
cilium-team/cilium: pkg/bgpv1/README.md

# Cilium BGP Control Plane

> BGP Control Plane provides a way for Cilium to advertise routes to Cilium-managed endpoints by

Reviewer: Same comments as above in this section as well.

Reviewer 2: Mine as well. ☝🏻

> BGP Control Plane provides a way for Cilium to advertise routes to connected routers by using the
> [Border Gateway Protocol][] (BGP). BGP Control Plane allows Pod networks and/or Services of type
> `LoadBalancer` to be reachable from outside the cluster for environments that support BGP. Because
> BGP Control Plane does not program the [datapath][], do not use it to establish reachability within
> the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BGP Control Plane provides a way for Cilium to advertise routes to connected routers by using the
[Border Gateway Protocol][] (BGP). BGP Control Plane makes Pod networks and/or Services of type
`LoadBalancer` reachable from outside the cluster for environments that support BGP. Because
BGP Control Plane does not program the [datapath][], do not use it to establish reachability within
the cluster.
```
